README.md, before:

# JavaScript Full-Stack Developer | AI Engineer | System Architect

I am currently employed part-time (50%), primarily serving as an on-call expert for advanced debugging and complex problem-solving. I am actively seeking an additional 50% part-time role to secure more consistent working hours and expand my experience.

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://karlgit13.github.io/Personal-Portfolio/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CHECK%20MY%20PORTFOLIO-4f46e5?style=for-the-badge&logo=rocket&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/karl-vareskog-ab6a432a7/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LINKEDIN-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/karlgit13">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GITHUB-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:karl.vareskog@icloud.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/EMAIL-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email" />
  </a>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LOCATION-STOCKHOLM-lightgrey?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-maps&logoColor=black" alt="Location" />
</p>

---

## 🚀 About Me

I'm a **JavaScript Full-Stack Developer** and **AI Engineer** passionate about building modern, scalable applications — from frontend interfaces to backend systems, cloud infrastructure, and LLM-powered tools.

**I focus on:**

* 💻 **Full-stack JavaScript** (Frontend, Backend & Client-side engineering)
* ☁️ **Cloud-native Architectures** (AWS, Render, Serverless)
* 🧠 **AI Engineering** (LLM integration, Multi-tenant AI systems)

---

## 💻 Tech Stack & Tools

The technologies and tools I work with:

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="HTML5" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" alt="CSS3" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" alt="JavaScript" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black" alt="React" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white" alt="Node.js" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white" alt="Express.js" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" alt="PostgreSQL" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" alt="MongoDB" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white" alt="AWS" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-46E3B7?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white" alt="Render" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white" alt="Docker" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Actions-2088FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub Actions" />
</p>

---

## 📚 Work & Education

### 🎓 Currently Studying: Full-Stack Development
**Institute:** Folkuniversitetet / Yrkeshögskola, Gothenburg  
**Graduation:** June 12, 2026

> *"My principal already refers to me as a Full-Stack Developer."*

**My coursework and projects cover:**

* **Frontend:** React, Component Architecture, State Management, UI Workflows.
* **Backend:** Node.js, Express.js, REST APIs, Authentication, Data Modeling.
* **Cloud & DevOps:** AWS, CI/CD, Scalable Deployments.

Commit message:

Enhance 'About Me' section in README
Updated the description to include a broader range of AI tools and emphasized optimization and automation.

README.md, after:

# JavaScript Full-Stack Developer | AI Engineer | System Architect

I am currently employed part-time (50%), primarily serving as an on-call expert for advanced debugging and complex problem-solving. I am actively seeking an additional 50% part-time role to secure more consistent working hours and expand my experience.

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://karlgit13.github.io/Personal-Portfolio/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CHECK%20MY%20PORTFOLIO-4f46e5?style=for-the-badge&logo=rocket&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/karl-vareskog-ab6a432a7/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LINKEDIN-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/karlgit13">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GITHUB-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:karl.vareskog@icloud.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/EMAIL-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email" />
  </a>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LOCATION-STOCKHOLM-lightgrey?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-maps&logoColor=black" alt="Location" />
</p>

---

## 🚀 About Me

I'm a **JavaScript Full-Stack Developer** and **AI Engineer** passionate about building modern, scalable applications — from frontend interfaces to backend systems, cloud infrastructure, And using a various amount of AI tools to achive perfection, optimization, automatisation & speed.

**I focus on:**

* 💻 **Full-stack JavaScript** (Frontend, Backend & Client-side engineering)
* ☁️ **Cloud-native Architectures** (AWS, Render, Serverless)
* 🧠 **AI Engineering** (LLM integration, Multi-tenant AI systems)

---

## 💻 Tech Stack & Tools

The technologies and tools I work with:

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="HTML5" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" alt="CSS3" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" alt="JavaScript" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black" alt="React" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white" alt="Node.js" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white" alt="Express.js" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" alt="PostgreSQL" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" alt="MongoDB" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white" alt="AWS" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-46E3B7?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white" alt="Render" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white" alt="Docker" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Actions-2088FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub Actions" />
</p>

---

## 📚 Work & Education

### 🎓 Currently Studying: Full-Stack Development
**Institute:** Folkuniversitetet / Yrkeshögskola, Gothenburg  
**Graduation:** June 12, 2026

> *"My principal already refers to me as a Full-Stack Developer."*

**My coursework and projects cover:**

* **Frontend:** React, Component Architecture, State Management, UI Workflows.
* **Backend:** Node.js, Express.js, REST APIs, Authentication, Data Modeling.
* **Cloud & DevOps:** AWS, CI/CD, Scalable Deployments.
